d10 Events by the Road
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Traffic Jam City | I guess some new Burrito-Burger bullshit came out today at Ultrafoods cuz everybody is loosing their fuckin minds. I was just tryin to get to the Mega Pawn but every street within a half mile of an Ultrafoods is jam fuckin packed with foodies. I feel like I'm living in traffic jam city over here. Ugggh, this is just my luck I tell ya. (You are going to be d4 hours late)
2. All out gang warfare | Tale as old as CY, some Virid Vipers tried to carry out a hit on Heirs' convoy, or vice versa. But this time it just kept escalating with more and more reinforcements getting involved, and now pretty much the whole length of the street is an active warzone. At least until Corpos come to restore their idea of peace (they are not in a hurry). Wait D6 hours until they arrive, look for a way to bypass this mess, or try to power through the meatgrinder. Should've taken the metro.
3. Nano zombie raid | As you are ready to do the heist, during the heist or had finished the job you got a grinding halt on your notification on your RCD it stated “Attention we have a nano machine zombie attack on (insert your location here) all civilians of cy please remain calm and evacuate immediately this isn’t a drill” unfortunately, calm isn’t a word you would say in a dangerous scenario filled with nano infected people who are decrepit and cannibalistic and hostile with no reason to communicate with them. The location has set off a quarantine zone where no one can get in or out. The pc crew will have to defend off the nano infected zombies in about d6 hours to survive until rescue and reinforcements has arrived.  Once been rescued each pc must be checked by a medisec op in a 1in6 chance that they got an infection from the quarantine zone which they may shoot to kill to prevent the spread around Cy. (Pray it’s not you who got infected.)
4. Construction | Alliansen didn't ask before they tried out developing new neighborhoods by firing them from orbit to instantly crush the old ones down to sub-sub-basement level, and even if they had, nobody would have had the guts to tell them no. Sonic booms and the shriek of reentering condo towers deafen everyone for miles and the earth shakes with each new bulk housing development. The driver has to swerve between the buckling roads and rain of low-rent apartments. Unlikely you'll get specifically pasted but high chance of vehicle damage from flying rubble.
5. Street Fair | The main road you need is closed due to some street fair. Amateur musicians play deafening music from a poorly balanced sound systems precariously balanced atop the jerry rigged stage. Food stalls of all shapes sizes and smells line the sidewalks a plethora of questionable edibles. Scam artists offer fabulous prizes to anyone who can best them at their rigged games of chance. (You are going to be 1 hour late, plus any time you spend at the street fair.)
6. Eyes in the ~~sky~~ ground | Somebody has replaced a manhole cover with their own modified version that scans the registration and insurance details of every vehicle that passes over it. What they're doing with this data is anybody's guess. (If they detect the device, PC's can attempt to hack it to discover a nearby NPC who is gathering data, or perhaps just gather data themselves)
7. Swarm Of Rats | Who knows why or how, but there are a good two or three feet in depth of rats here. Just flowing across the road. If anyone takes a second to watch they'll see an urchin try to skewer one on a sharpened selfie-stick stake, and come out of it with a hand gnawed to the bone for their troubles.
8. Street baptism | One of the more perilous rites practiced by the Heirs. They say that if you pass through the Crush and emerge unscathed, you are of the Blessed Children; if you get turned to a smear of burger meat, well, clearly you weren't. To improve their chances, initiates are charging across in gaggles and packs. They're also throwing homemade smoke bombs and scrap explosives to divert traffic away from them.
9. What The Hell Is That | A pulsating nanoswarm coil has burst through the ground and is building rapidly upwards, shooting out support strands at random intervals to latch into nearby towers. It's also overloading the RCDs on anyone who gets close, hard enough to cook their brains inside their skull. Probably nothing to worry about. SecOps are directing people to skirt around on a side-street they've just opened by demolishing a row of boarding houses.
10. Block party | There's no discernible cause for celebration, but somehow people have scraped and scrounged enough for a traffic-choking rager. Even the SecOps who got sent to gun down the obstruction are now in the mosh pit throwing down like they're getting paid for it. Counts as a rest area for 1 hour, after which the bombs start dropping.
