d10 rare items and findings from a world forgotten, that would sell highly on black market
subtitle:
category: Someone Else's Trash
1. A mask made of unknown organic material. Vibrates lightly in the hands of nano-infected (when a nano-infected individual wears this mask, roll an Arcane Catastrophe from MB for them and apply in a way that makes sense). Highly sought after by scientists of all kinds (from back-alley to corp)
2. An Old Gov auditor's badge. Ages out of date, but once the states collapsed, the corps didn't bother with inoculating their code against them. Corp-owned drones, bots and turrets will treat you as friendly and with full authority; also opens most corporate (but not private) security. i.e., facility gates, not megamansion doors.
3. Weaponized virus CyX-66; can be released as an aerosol. Any exposed to the virus are infected, i.e. dealt 1d2 damage per hour, suffer +2DR to all checks, and are contagious until they succeed a DR14 toughness check. If the general population is exposed to CyX-66, trigger an appropriate Miserable Headline.
4. Unregistered Liver. The singular synthetic liver that does not send payment details and health statistics to any corporation. It also does not send signals to shell corporations, corpo-affiliated gangs, corpo-affiliated cults, or any other corporate entity. Instead, it sends all these details to a bunker under G0, where it is filed under the name of a long-dead soldier.
5. The Red Tear Plant. Get it to bloom and the nectar of this flower has a 3% chance to give you the high of your life (you will chase it forever). Otherwise your eyes will bleed and itch like crazy for the amount of days rolled on the d100 (fail it again during that time and you will rip your eyes out). The plant is thought to be extinct. You may find a specimen in a container, still alive. 
6. The Comet Sword. Said to have fallen fully smitten from the skies, piercing the world to its hilt and in flames for a hundred days and a hundred nights. Critical hits with this sword instantly decapitate the target. Critical failures fuel the sword with the life of its wielder. Lose one Toughness. Currently wielder is the Yakuza Boss of Cy, Masaru Goto.
7. The Tape. Just a boring old microcassette tape, easily confused with any one of a billion others. What's unique about this tape is what is recorded onto it: blackmail, dirt, evidence, or whatever you wanna call it, this tape contains the juiciest secrets on all the celebrities and politicians of approximately one hundred years ago. Secrets that if exposed could ruin histories. Secrets that if exposed could topple dynasties. Secrets that if exposed could upturn society on its face. One thing is certain, whatever is on this tape is more valuable to this world than any amount of money. What this tape really contains is the ability for the people of CY to finally get their fair shake, and for those with all of the power and none of the morals to, for the first time in their lives, suffer some actual repercussions for the consequences of their actions. 
8. Ivory Chess Set. Not Neo-, Ultra-, Real- or ChessX, this is a small foldaway set of what was probably the original game of Chess, before capitalism chewed it over- no AR, no microtransactions, just pawns, rooks, bishops and the mouseketeers. Of value to collectors- more significantly, it's made from the ivory of creatures that died before the Bio War, both Rad Wars and the various G0 Nano events. In the right hands, such incredibly pristine materials could spark a biotech revolution...
9. The forbidden Box of covenant  soul - golden Forbidden box  it contains a soul of a nameless old god that is sealed away from  a priest Knight  for centuries it MUST NOT be pry open.  Those who opened it  increase  more chances for misery  from 1-7 chances along with that the creature is the host of the old god that should not be named  you don’t get better after each session but instead the miseries are your get  better. However, this box should belong to a bunch of “top men” for secure purposes and I mean “TOP MEN”
10. Atlas Arising, a hack fiction novel as narrative quality goes but the how-to guide for megacorporate rule. Only the myriad trashy love-triangle sequels are really available because the Old Gov censored the thing for seditious demands ranging from more lead in paint to eugenics-based slavery systems. But if somebody got an original, author-signed version, like the one they say Gunner keeps in his desk drawer, you'd more or less be able to read the minds of every magnate of CY.
