D10 Cy City's Most Wanted
subtitle: 
category: 
1. The owner of the account xXsuckmybiggleswadeXx in The MMO 2: Ashes of Algernon.
2. Dr. Lueger Ooub: Mad Geneticist Wanted for stealing top secret military technology. Previously a private military research scientist, driven to wits end he went after "the incident" he escaped by using his experimentations on his own flesh. He now lives in Cy's sewer system, further modifying his body with genes from crocodiles, frogs, fish, and rats to transition into the ultimate sewer predator.
3. Steinar Hackler, former CEO of synthetic meat conglomerate Biovine Dynamics. wanted for his part in the HappyCow scandal, where excess amount (more than the legal 25%) of human remains in biosynthesis material were used in the HappyLinks Sausages
4. The Offline, at least that's what they call them, they are completely biologic, no tech, no RCD, not even using guns. There are several rumors, some suggest they can control bugs, others say they, that tech shuts down in their presence. Some say they are the perfect fusion of human and nano, suffering no downside to the infection. Another rumor says they have long reached the top and are one of the big CEOs, hiding in plain sight. Wanted by some for research, wanted by others because of violating several laws.
5. Mr. Numbers, former accounting AI for [corporation] that went rogue and put out bogus numbers, eliminating confidence in the corp and causing massive losses. Numbers has evaded capture by moving through a variety of mainframes, including police, military, medical, and [kergoz]. Numbers currently possesses knowledge that could destabilize the entire economic system of Cy. He is suspected to currently be hiding in the subconscious gutter punk [maybe a pc!] 
6. Cameron Pharis, 9 years old, wanted for High Truancy. Considered extremely dangerous and a master of social concealment. Wanted dead or alive.
7. Karlgu$taf AI - Ancient AI wantet for trying to re-royalize the city, re instating a new AI- king and queen as ultimate leaders. The AI is installed in a RollsRoyce Mech armed with fingercannons
8. Norna - Three headed nanoinfested woman. Rotting body, modified with wires and tubes. A TV-screen in her abdomen shows glimpses of the future and some times the past. She is wanted for spreading company-secrets about a well known corporation.
9. Jack Entropy - Musician & Anarchist. Wanted for inciting 《THE CORPORATE WAR》 & for multiple scandals involving illicit substances, multiple prostitutes & the unauthorized selling of corporate property under the Records_Labels_Articlr92>JS. CONSIDERED HIGHLY DANGEROUS DUE TO HIS MAGNETIC PERSONALITY & HIS LOOKS.
10. the SNO Man The SNO Man is best known for driving his double wide diesel powered monster truck with twin mounted snow plows and ultra slip resistant tires bigger than your whole car. He was once a protector of the little people, helping plow out cars from the roadside, even shoveling the sidewalks and pathways. That was before the sinister General Kemp took over the City Council, poisoning the former hero's mind with his money and his hate. Now, the SNO Man has changed completely: burying cars in hills of powder, blocking entrances with walls of ice trapping people in their homes. This happens to us each and every winter now as we struggle to survive.