D12 State-of-the-art Cybertech Prototypes That Definitely Don't Belong in the Wrong Hands
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Spineclaws | Four retractable metal spikes that are implanted into the upper back. They are around 10ft. long when fully extended, flexible or jointed, and accurately controllable. Can be used to run, scale walls, and impale enemies (d6 damage, one attack per spike per round, spike breaks off on a fumble.)
2. "The Off Button" portable EMP device | Guaranteed to shut down electronic equipment of all sorts in a quarter-mile distance, requiring hard reboots on affected devices.
3. Face-Splitting Maw | Exactly what it sounds like. The reapers break off your old bottom jaw, and insert two chrome-enhanced half-jaws on the left and right sides. It gives you a horrible underbite that's the size of the bottom half of an American football helmet, but the jawsplitting allows you to swallow and crush big things with your new chompers that you really shouldn't be able to. Your choice of razor, spine, or needle-teeth.
4. UCS "Blinders" Perception Enhancer | Auditory cortex reworking, ear augs, nervous system juicing. Replaces natural soundscape with auditory and nerve stimuli proven to quicken response time and narrow officer focus (e.g., footsteps of suspicious persons replaced with gunshots, ambient sound swapped for a driving gorefest beat corresponding to local threat rating, etc.). Quick to notice danger, first to act in a fight - but hair trigger, shooting first, asking never. Increased odds of downing a co-worker who taps your shoulder.
5. ACGS Reins | Latest iteration of common Human Resources tech. Standard miltech rigger neural enhancements, series of jacks for receiving myoelectric and other biochemical data, connected to convenient interface. Aggressively curtails unnecessary cognitive function. Effectively, a way to turn a person into a battery & targeting system, taking advantage of eyes naturally evolved to hunt. They put prisoners in these things to patrol the Borghold. This one has been slapped on a rickshaw.
6. An acorn, guaranteed to cause law enforcement in a 100-foot radius to empty their clips.
7. AutoRAIL. | An implanted system of superconducting magnets that are able to propell the user in any given direction at a moments notice, at roughly four times the speed of sound. Only to be used with musculoskeletal reinforcements of grade 4 or higher.
PCs with this tech can test Dexterity DR 16 to perform a super-jump, during which melee attacks deal double damage. Muscle-Ups and Sceleplating give -4 DR each. On a failure the super-jump is still performed, but the landing deals d8 damage with a wet crunching sound.
8. Vaporlung 95 | With these breathing enhancers implanted in your chest you'll be able to exhale poison of your choosing, filling a large foyer in an instant. The slot for the poison is a tube in your mouth, so you have to "drink" the poison to load it. (Don't swallow it with your regular tubes though, this tech doesn't make you immune against poison.)
9. The Watchmen's Eye | Neurological uplink to artificial intelligence managing a small drone swam, which cross-references surroundings with available online data and identifies active targets in order to give the user unparalleled battlespace awareness. The user cannot be ambushed except by extraordinary means. If they aim, they're guaranteed to hit - something. Difficulty of human-machine intelligence interfacing will sometimes result in product misidentifying targets. Be aware that this a prototype for demonstration purposes and should not be used under live fire. ACGS reserves the right to monitor, void warranty of, or decommission the prototype via remote detonation in case of misuse. Side effects include nausea, vertigo, and depersonalization.
10. THE GVN d1 | +666 to hit. When you fumble an attack, (d4) 1. you missed the trigger. 2. you never made it to the battle, having caught a stray in the previous room. 3. your father never met your mother, one having taken a fatal bullet from an impossible angle. 4. the gun hits open air. Containing a compendium of technodaemon AIs trained on the living names of dead gods, THE GVN does not miss.  During testing, it has been found to hit persons from improbable and impossible angles, spaces, times, and realities. The weapon bears the mark of its creator - a symbol that has never meant anything to anyone, anymore.
11. The Scambler | This chip broadcasts scam links in a wide beam broadcast to every device in a 50m radius. RCDs lag, everyone in range is stunned for 1 round as their systems reboot, all net connected devices cease functioning for 1d4 (roll once for all). Anyone can bypass these above safety measures and go ahead and ignore the stun or use their gear, but they risk clicking on AR spam links clouding their vision. Roll a d6 after any failed roll (or successful defense vs enemies): 1-5 they lose that amount * 100 creds. On a 6 a rogue AI manifests as a nano swarm. It was lurking in the deep web waiting for someone to click it's ritualized release link.
12. Nanoswarm auto-injector | Spinal installation that will automatically deploy reparative nanobots into the body when catastrophic injury is detected (when HP reaches 0 or lower). Can be used d6 times, restoring HP to fill but at a cost of -1 to a random stat per use, as the nano swarm cannibalizes parts of the body to assist overall repair.