D12 street food stalls that are cheap but you might need to roll for Toughness...
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Airscoop bars. Motes of airborne organic matter that are harvested, processed, and rendered down into a sticky green-black bar by the rattling, roaring machine on top of the booth. They're free, you pay for the flavor paste and stir-stick to spread it over them with.
2. Rocket in your stomach foods | Costs: UFO pizza (cheese pizza with synthetic pepperoni) d4 hp recover slice 3 credits. (Make a Toughness DR 13 or suffer a nasty Gerd acid reflex for d2 damage ignoring armor);  Alien eyeball dumplings made from some dead alien and used some eyeballs to make them tasty. D6 hp recover 5 credits(make a Toughness Dr 11 or get an infestation by getting a third eye ball that sticks out your forehead. You can even speak in alien language.); and Meteor meatballs, a combination of synthetic meat and grind up meteors to make it nice and hot. D10 hp recover 10 credits(Make a Toughness Dr 15 or you are dead by an extinction explosion in a 50 feet circular radius by 2D20 damage) 
3. Bioplast fruit stall. Innovative technologies ensure there are 0% fruit elements within this fruit, but a carefully mixed blend of sugar, water, and assorted flavoring agents, suspended inside a 3D-printed edible plastic framework. Tastes like fruit punch reverse-engineered back into an actual fruit.
4. Mystery Skewer from Rattilda's Grill | It's a skewer with chunks of meat (?) on it, you can choose different flavored sauces that she would marinate them with before frying over an exposed and overheating electronical unit she has build her stall around. The flavors are Rad Mad Sauce, Barbarian BBQ, Green Grumpy Devil and D4RKN3SS (each of them are seasoned with a bit of drugs (choose or roll random), test Toughness DR12 or be determined to come back here, these skewers are kind of... addicting!)
5. Cup-o-Nails: a spoonful of fingernails in a flimsy paper cone, drizzled with grease and salt
6. Bigmosse Sludge Pies: deep-fried soy wedges filled with distilled slime harvested from Cy's waterways
7. JUMPstart Power!-On-the-Go Bars. Hearty, filling food bars for the busy salariman. Made with all-natural* ingredients produced by things which definitely aren't a self-replicating organism adhering to no branch of current understandings of evolution found in G0 and locked in a shipping crate to slice bits off of to keep it from growing large enough to break out.
8. Blue Juice. Developed to rival the now-famous Red Juice by a macrobucks heir to about a quarter of TG Labs. What exactly went into it is classified, but it can power wet-fuel vehicles, devices charge when dunked in it, early testers couldn't blink for three days after finishing one of the condiment-pouch packets it was packaged in, and radiation scanners go nuts near it.
9. Riot bars. Developed by a pvnk cell based on the fringes of the aquaculture mazes, who some believe are SecOps insiders due to the way these things taste. However, if you're looking for a pocket-size bar of...material, for lack of a more specific word, that can keep you standing for eight hours with enough energy to scream and smash until a Jakboot IFV runs you over, there's no substitute.
10. The Bowl. This you-sized fish bowl is filled with a breathable liquid atmosphere solution and is available at a market near you. It's a being-bowl, if you will, and it's filled with all sorts of fun stuff. There's a treasure chest that spits bubbles, a micro castle you can explore, and a 3rd thing unique to each location. Patrons dive into the bowl, after which flakes of delicious dried food are sprinkled into the mixture. Have you ever wondered "What's in these food flakes?" No? Okay good.
11. Eat-your-Meat BBQ: We know the holy road to chrome is littered with scraps of flesh. Don't let it go to waste -- eat your meat! Our secret family recipe and spice blend is sure to highlight your unique flavor profile. [For maximum freshness, let us do the amputation!]
12. Legion Foods (tm). You'll see a stall with them pop up every time a corp-war flares up. It's the recognized front for grifting out surplus- or, in fact, actually pretty necessary -MREs. In terms of raw vitamins and proteins and such, the food is nutritious and energizing. Sometimes it even tastes good. However, that's just what is in it; the business of actually digesting one, longtime PMC fighters will tell you, is something of an acquired skill. Also, roll a d12 for each: on a 1 it's the vomelet.
