D12 Reasons Why the Team Got Together
subtitle: 
category: 
1. You all got scammed by the same crypto-scam, you got together to ultimately find the person who scammed you out of 1 AST PokéPoints thinking you would get 1.1 AST Pepes in return for sending a AST Pepe, you were probably drunk or high.
2. You all attended a local meeting to deal with a local endemic sprung from a TG Labs experiment, you delude yourself into thinking that the cover ups can be unraveled.
3. All of your parents where effectively scammed out of what would be your (meager) inheritance by lawyers from Gravf Mellberg Tosk, you will find justice in a world where there is none.
4. Unfortunately, you’ve all found yourselves as bystanders caught in the middle of a spontaneous shootout. When the bullets clear, everyone involved on both sides have been totally zero’d out, leaving the party as the only ones left alive at the crime scene. Sec-Ops are on their way, better think of a way to explain all the bodies.
5. All the PC’s have the same dealer, and one of you finds out he’s been horribly upcharging you and making bad batches of product. A band of his clients have pulled you together to help teach him a lesson.
6. Another G0 breakout brings nanofreak to the bar where you were drinking (separately). Freak exploded, and nobody was hurt (I mean nobody important because this bar is a real sh*thole on the bottom of sh*tholes), but since then, PCs have had a weird connection: their minds are permanently linked and sometimes swapped.
7. You all love the same punk band and recognized the patch on each others clothes.
8. A mutual friend died and you came together to avenge their death.
9. You’ve all been mutuals in the net for a long long while, and are finally meeting up irl for the first time. Wonder who the catfish will be?
10. You all used to be coworker wageslaves working for the same megacorp, until they let you all go. You all still get together for drinks now and then, but your lives are very different than the way they used to be.
11. The PC’s just all become involved in a sudden multi-vehicle wreck over the water highway. Time to argue over whose fault it was.
12. The PCs all work at a studio making another ad. That is until the main star's cybernetics are hacked. A beautiful day to murder a national favourite.