d12 Abandoned Buildings (for Cowardly Pvnks to Hide In)
subtitle: 
category: The World They Left Us
1. An old flower shop in disrepair. | The building has a forclosure sign on it, but the bank that did such has since gone bankrupt and was liquidated for the old government. On the second floor, a young person’s skeleton is laying in bed, holding a pot surprisingly made of real clay instead of cheap plastics. In the backyard is a single tree. It is the last of its kind, and struggles to survive in this future. If the tree dies, the roots which aided this building’s crumbling foundation rot, and the place collapses in d10 days.
2. Neon Circuit Lanes. | A retro-vaporwave style bowling alley that used to be popular in a time before the district it belonged to grew all slummy. Though the lights have long stopped functioning, the inside walls and decor are dressed with glow-in-the dark paints of various colors, still providing vibrant illumination. The whole place was automated with early-wave robotics, so if you can get the generators working, you may be able to treat yourself to a couple rounds of pins via the self-service AR lane-reserving kiosks while you lay low. Another room has several defunct vending machines carrying everything from expired candy to individual bullets to plushies to consumer drugs. 
3. The trash fisherman's shack. | Some struggling soul thought of fishing up scraps of trash from the canals to make some kind of living. When nobody would take what he pulled up he just decided to start building a home out of it. It didnt take long for the suits in the corporate skyscrapers overlooking the place to decide his little shack hanging over the canal was an eyesore and paid some slummers to get rid of it. Being the clever sort, they decided the best way to do that was to just blow out the supports and sink the place into the river with the man still inside. When it hit the water though, all the muck and trash was enough to keep it floating, or at least lodged in something sturdy enough to leave it sticking out above the surface. The trash Fisher didnt survive the fall, but his legacy lives on in the punks that use it as a smelly hideaway nobody cares enough to go down and finish taking care of.
4. Matty’s | After Matty (whoever they were) died, his property was quickly acquired. Due to a loophole, a clerical error, an exploit, and blackmail several corps now all own the property. While lawsuits and legal battles continue the place is left abandoned with all of Matty’s odds and ends still there.
5. ClubECO_Cyti | Pronounced “Club Ecosity,” this derelict building once was some strange laboratory focused on some important project. Now the glassware is used for serving drinks to the lawbreakers, survivors, and leeches of the world. Cops are never let in, and the Corpos are often turned away unless under very important conditions. 
The bartenders are humans with full body replacement. They are twin designs, though their relationship is unknown. The two are named Uri and Garin. They often grant rooms to pvnks who are in need or want a room. They are also the authority there, and any worker or customer harmed by another will lead to severe consequences.
6. "#" | Nobody still alive knows what an RCD calls "the pound" is for, and nobody visits it anymore. A long time ago, they used to gather up something and put them in cages, to care for them or contain them... or something like that. Whatever it was that they used to cage here, it either stopped being gathered, or stopped being possible to cage. But there's still those empty cages, expired meds, and decaying rooms... d4 oddly-shaped small Whitetails make their lair here. Instead of immediate hostility from the group, roll from the First Impressions table on page 87, adding one for every piece of edible meat in the pvnks' inventories that they're willing to sacrifice to the creatures.
7. The World's Most Successful (Nonviolent) Death Cult's Temple. | This cult figured they could get free sacrifices by cloning their members, making them both law-abiding citizens and successful cultists. Whatever process they used warped them mind, body, and soul. Now RCD scanners have trouble anywhere near the building, espousing death counts in the billions, plastering the retinas with red lights and warning tape. The local security team can't figure out how to close the case off, and no one with the know-how to can be bothered to put the effort forth. Pvnks that don't mind the overbearing stench of death can bury themselves in the glistening viscera filling the innumerable basement floors.
8. The Great Mall™️ | A huge Mall, with 216 floors, the elevators are out of service. Connected via bridge to other surrounding buildings every 36th floor. There are many stories about what happened here, most are about weird creatures that were nano infested humans that mutated into something alien. The mall looks as if it was left from one moment to another. There is rotten food to be found, outdated weapons that are no longer supported (and if reactivated have a 1 in 6 chance to aleart the company/sec ops/or just needs to be hacked to become usable) and who knows what else.
9. The Tunnel of Love. | An abandoned water ride in what used to be an amusement park. No longer filled with water, but still used for kissing your secret crush before the corpos apprehend them for abandoning their cubicle. Also used to hide dead bodies.
10. Cybertech Dump. | Over the years, this lot has becoming a dumping ground for old and broken cybertech. From shattered cyberclaws to pallets of misprinted smartjacks and everything in between, a enterprising pvnk might scrounge enough hardware to put together a working cybertech on the cheap - if they can figure out how to avoid the heavy metal and radiation poisoning they are sure to get from all this discarded tech.
11. Cardboard swamp. | A dump near Lake Gravel clogged with cardboards all over the place. It flooded with acid water, turning it slightly alcaline with what used to be RCD packages, bloated corpses from former homeless and origami aligators. Watch out for the Cardboard Thing.
12. A strangely unused and huge sub-basement of a corporate structure in South Central.
Here 12 vestal virgins stand in the centre of the space singing praises to Feideistic Transformation, their faces glitching from angelic mashes of current celebrities to those of popular pr0ntube starlets.
