D20 Popular but Terrible TV Shows in CY
subtitle:
category:
1. Hoarders: Cybertech Edition
2. Secrets of The G0 | A show where a group of “professionals” trek into the G0 to try and appease the nano there, ongoing investigation into their involvement with multiple disappearances. 
3. Ultimate Intern | Game show where unpaid interns compete in increasingly dehumanizing and humiliating ways to get full time employment at a big corporation. Usually still unpaid. 
4. Jobswap | A show where two "lucky employees" from two different jobs swap jobs for a day. Should either one of them not fulfill the quota of that job, both of them get fired. A success will win both of them a price! Nice now hot piece of cybertech! For FREE* *|for the first 4 days, the usual subscription service will automatically be deployed and cost more than they earn probably, their coworkers will envy and hate them anyways|
5. Mythic Creatures | Each show explores the folklore around one mythical creature such as the  legend of the Majestic Manatee or the ancient tales of the Hateful Hippo. People mostly watch it to make fun of the stupid things that others used to believe in. A fan favorite is the fairy tale of the Rhino, otherwise known as the African Unicorn.
6. AI.deathcage | Chosen by popular vote, each week a pairing of fully developed AI, with simulated physical bodies and personalities, fight to the death. It's ok, they are not real. Most popular episodes: s2e13 - 14 year old King Leonidas reconstruction defeats adult tiger. s4e02 - obese adult man defeats one hundred 9 years old.  s5e22 - Finale of the special The Favorites Championship Season - Leonidas reconstruction finishes obese adult man by eating his face, crowned the Ultimate AI Champion. 2 million signed a petition to give him basic rights as a prize. 
7. The app-rentice. | 'Lucky' contestants compete to become a corporate scumbag in a suit with a fat cred balance.  Using their computer skills they compete in weekly competitions to stay on the show until one remains. Nobody hears of them again and rumours are the corpos just keep all the ideas the contestants made and make the winner become a slave. Hooked up to machines 24/7 constantly creating state of the art apps for the corpo's to exploit, slowly going insane until they're replaced.... by the next season's winner.
8. PR3D4T0RZ | 1/2 Medical program, 1/2 Hunting show. Volunteers are turned into half animal half human hybrids and freed in CY_ slums after being drugged to imitate their models to perfection. Fierce lab-created chimeras are released too, to be hunted by the contestants. There is no security perimeter, and nobody is informed of the filming taking place. 
9. Who Wants to be A... ... ...  | The game show  where the contestant [the winner of the bidding war] answers a series of questions for their chance at winning the grand [mystery] prize!! [So far the entry bidding war has cost each winning contestant more their prize was worth] 
10. Randomize me. | Bio/cybertech surgery show where participants undergo transformative surgeries/tech body modifications based on the whims of a randomizer app and audience voting.
11. The Naked Singer | Tune in to an all new talent show like none other. One that brings together some of the city's best amateur singers and most attractive people for one extravagant weekly show!  Auditions begin next month! All are welcome! 
12. Who's Under My Skin? | 'A guess who' kind of show with celebrities posing with a preserved skin took from a recently deceased "volunteer", they can only answer questions about their most private life to the participants, usually making up ultraviolent  drug-fuelled and sexually repugnant stories on the fly
13. The Unreal World | A 'reality' show focusing on the social lives and relationship drama of a group of friends in the same MMO videogame guild. Watch as they meet for the first time IRL only to discover one of them was catfishing the others all along! 
14. Whose Flatline Is It Anyway? | A group of comedians are plugged into the Net and forced to play increasingly ridiculous improvised mini games incorporating audience suggestions until one of them inevitably flatlines. The points in each mini game do not matter and the comedian who dies is almost always random. Hosted by Doom Carey.
15. Blood Countess. | AI generated dark/pulp fantasy legacy drama about a frozen vampiric court and its melancholic, over dramatic ruler. 
16. Young Frankensteins. | Four kids compete designing, crafting and fighting with their creations, made with loose limbs, cyberware and scraps given to them, in improvised laboratories placed near gladiator pits around CY_ 
17. Dop Swap | A show where unaware contestants have closest family members and friends swapped with dopples. Betting is highly encouraged on when the contestant will figure out they are on the show. Some have been going for years and stakes are high.
18. Corpo-raccoons | Candid camera show in which debutant comedians are moles inside new rising corporations, breaking them from the inside, doing jackass kind of odd challenges during important public events 
19. Robituary | High society billionaire [user generated moniker] died with unfinished business. Now their digital consciousness inhabits the android executor of the estate. Together the two unlikely allies must tie up loose ends in the family business, reconnect with their estranged children, and solve their own murder. 
20. When You See It! | Assorted B-roll footage with misleading captions. Viewers attempt to find events and people that do not exist. 43 seasons and counting.