D20 Common Background Noises in CY
subtitle: 
category: The World They Left Us
1. Gunshots and shouting
2. Ambient classical muzak (dial-up modem sounds)
3. Screaming (d4): 1: Infants. 2: a couple fighting. 3: a person along with gunshots. 4: multiple people, but it sounds recorded.
4. The all-pervasive sub-bass droning of low-flying freight shuttles.
5. Some asshole blasting their terrible music taste out of huge speakers
6. Hushed whispers in dead machine languages coming from inside the walls
7. Jumbled radio noises and sometimes you can hear some whispers in the radio…
8. AN EXTREMELY LOUD ADVERTISEMENT FOR SOMETHING THAT WILL FIX YOUR.... (d6) 1: hideous physical appearance. 2: ridiculous sexual incompetence. 3: idiotic financial failures. 4: pitiful mental uselessness. 5: irritating social inadequacy. 6: pathetic self-esteem issues.
9. The sound of various people in argument about (d4): 1: A payment gone wrong. 2: The latest Killmatch match. 3: Politics. 4: The plot of some holo-show.
10. The buzzing of neon and sodium lights and streetlamps.
11. The sounds of cars passing by. Every one in 10 has a siren.
12. The rushing of fluids with pipes flooding sewers and alleyways with strange waters.
13. The sound of snapping and rustling wires in strong wind and crackling electricity as wires arc.
14. Echoes of metal sheering against metal, reverberating down, sounding like whale song. A municipal combine is lumbering by on the roads above.
15. The whirring thrum of drones, hovercraft, and helicopters.
16. The crackling of fires and the sounds of yelling. A riot against SecOp forces.
17. The deafening, bass-heavy humm of machinery (maybe in the building next to you, maybe underground), almost popping your eardrums (might test Toughness DR12 or your first priority is to move the fuck away from this area)
18. The sounds of an arcade’s blips and boops faintly break the quiet.
19. The pitter-patter and the sizzle of acid rain faintly dance along the concrete streets ahead of you (perhaps increasing in intensity the harder the rain).
20. The pale, deafening wind whipping around, drawing up the stench of something foul.