d20 Putrid Muckbang Vids Streamed in Cy That Are Now Delisted and Have Subsequently Caught the Eye of the Corpos
subtitle:
category:
1. Must See Endangered Dolphin Sushi Binge | Before being delisted after public outrage, this viral video caught the eye of the Culinary Excellence Agency's Exotic Fishery Department.
2. Rotblack Crabshack ASMR (We go elbow deep! Uncut!) | Personality Honeybridge Viperiors final video, which shows Honeys last meal before succumbing to seafood allergies at a famous family diner. 
3. Streetbeef (watch until the end!) | Dex found some nano-gunk that looks like ground beef, and the best part is, it's growing! Think we can eat the whole thing before it takes over the apartment?
4. Rare Long Pig BBQ feast stream busted! | Streamer ILovePigsMouth had a 3 hour eating session of grilled meats in which he named his contact from whom he got this rare "pork". A certain corporation didn't like that and took him out on stream.
5. Will it chew tho? CH0WD0WN Ep.62 | A video depicting a streamer attempting to bite through an assortment of bricks - until his cybertech jaw explodes, sending shrapnel everywhere, cutting the feed.
6. Eat Last Year's Muckbanger of the Year! | Faces, fingernails, hair, and ass cheeks are on the menu, fuckers! Last year's top rated Muckbanger, Hank "Bile" Pyle is this year's Muckbang feast! Thralls of Bile Mongers gather at the table and then the forks are handed out. How long can he go before death! Tune in fuckers!
7. MrCritter's Roach Bars Promo Stream! | Watch the new startup of famous VToober MrCritter going to local retail stores, and having random people try all new flavors of insect-based protein, including chocolate and pistachio!! Cheap, cheap, cheap nutrition with a hospitalization rate of only 8%!! Wow! Tastes better than paper! 
8. Bellyboy Eats the Entire Mother Truckers Lunch Shop Hidden Menu! | Popular ZoomTuber Bellyboy69nice tragically passed away in his home last evening shortly after performing on a muckbang livestream where he had succeeded in eating the entire hidden menu from the truck stop Mother Truckers Lunch Shop, infamous for their many health code violations. According to reports after the live stream was pulled, Bellyboy69nice's corpse seemed to be squirming and soon developed unusual writhing sweet potato-like growths. His remains are presently being transferred to MiliCorp custody for reasons that are still classified. We'll keep you updated on this story as it develops. 
9. FingerFood.mp4 | A static low quality chain-email/shock video of a man eating a series of cut-off fingers. There is a 1/8 chance that a pc recognizes one of the fingers. It exists as several episodes, speculation on the net ranges from it being made by a serial killer to a morgue worker. End credits include a P.O. Box address titled “submissions”.
10. 100K SUBSCRIBER SPECIAL! Making a sushi dinner with ingredients from G0! | Streamer ChefKaz celebrated reaching a subscriber milestone by prepping a sushi dinner of maki and nigiri utilizing a strange ingredient sent to him by his followers. The video shows prep and tasting a few of the dishes before some of the food appears to leap onto ChefKaz's face. The camera falls to the floor in the midst of the subsequent struggle and there are sounds of screaming before the stream ends.
11. Super Dood and Princess Penolope binge together! | AI generated video, showing popular childnet entertainment icons, Super Dood and Princess Penolope, singing with their mouths full: 🎵Eat your parents! Eeeaat your parents! EEAAAT your parents! We just can't stop!🎵
12. Drinking Whatever is Left in the Fridge I Guess.  | A brief video of NezNez, a content creator of middling notoriety, imbibing a mixture of expired condiments and saltines. The resulting scream/vomit was sampled repeatedly in Hacksaw Coil's hit track "Orgy in the Vomitorium."
13. In CY, Clam-dash Devour You! | In this video popular, v streamer Seacil tried to finish the Clam-dash mega bucket, but he failed to read the fine print. What follows is a fierce uphill battle for the streamer, a ravenous attack that he sourly loses. The clams do, however, do finish eating every last bite of poor Seacil. At the end of the stream armed guards with DietTech uniforms can be seen taking the clams and sealing them in some sort of containment device.
14. If I Stop Binging, Debera Will Leave Me | A naked man sits with a distended belly in a nearly empty kitchen, his grimy face streaked with tears, as he forces item after item in the room into his mouth, many of which have been partially digested and vomited back out multiple times, all while someone offscreen--in-between the man's choked sobs--threatens to divorce him if he quits.
15. Can I survive on AR food? | We all enjoy virtual snacks. Augmented Reality through the RCD can reproduce the taste and texture of anything you can imagine. But can you live off them? I'll eat nothing but simulated food for the next week and find out, and I'll be streaming this experiment for your benefit!
16. Selfeast.holo | Drone camera, industrial locale, bright LED light. Naked person with AI scrambled features and voice. An assortment of power tools, drugs and cutlery. Self-cannibalism until the drugs fail and the line flattens. 3h and 21 minutes.
17. Best diet for weight loss. | Webcam, trashy closet-size of a room, piles of electronics and cables lying around on shelves and walls. Serious, methodical and technical person, with the mood of a telecourse teacher at 5 am, explaining with deep detail techniques to allow yourself to swallow different shapes whole, and how to extract them safely even if you don't have a Stomach Pouch mod for easy access. One after the other, swallows increasingly suspicious items all obviously constructed to simulate the size, format and weight of other objects. Has random advice like "this one can be reached by a radio activation even inside a reinforced stomach". Abruptly ends with a heavy pounding on the door. 
18. Monkey Brain Soup | Series of videos starring a celebrity couple. Their faces have been blurred, but everyone knows who they are anyways. They use long, thin, silver spoons to feed each other the brains of still-living apes, scooping brains directly from the skull. They start small, macaques, rhesus, but move up to baboons, gorillas, etc. In the final videos, they've moved on to humans, and make comments on how technologies and nano infestations effect the flavor and mouthfeel. The subjects universally start the video struggling and screaming, but invariably lose their life to the process.
19. Dr Kodie Drinks the Tank | Dr Kodie used to be a pretty popular streamer back in the day, it's a damn shame what happened to her. 
When she was let go from her job as a Marine Biologist she started a new career as a content creator teaching kids about fish using her gorgeous 400 gallon aquarium. Unfortunately the views didn't last. Kodie started doing Muk Bang videos on the side here and there. The videos did really well but also brought in a much less wholesome crowd. Before long the educational kids videos had stopped entirely as the Muk Bang fans only grew rowdier. Her subscriber base continued to fall only to be replaced with the most detestable adamant creatures imaginable. With little money left for a new video and hordes of fans harassing her she made one last video :Dr Kodie Drinks the Tank. In the video she drains the 400 gal tank and then fries up all her fishy friends up into teppanyaki. and eats one by one, tears streaming down her face. They say after that a petition led by fans of her former educational content got her channel taken down.
20. I finished it | Damon used to be a spelunker. He would record his explorations of the old, the abandoned, the forgotten. His viewership had been in decline when he hit the jackpot – an old supply of MREs from a now-defunct paracorpomilitary org. In a flash of inspiration, his channel pivoted on a dime from spelunking to muckbang. His first and last video is him consuming the entire stockpile in one sitting. The video concludes with ------- extreme distension ------ rupture ----- trying to cram ------- back into his open gut ------- five days worth of silence before --------- discovered by local canines.