d6 Truly beautiful Places Among All This Metal Hell
subtitle:
category: The World They Left Us
1. Te'anh-Taneh Club Ruins | Remains of a failed entertainment project in South Central, originally meant to perfectly recreate an idyllic picnic on a river bank at sunset. Located in a giant concrete dome meant to slowly simulate twilight, in its heyday would guest some of the richest CY has ever produced, all sitting on real grass, watching artificial river looping down below while being served champagne and sandwiches, wind gently carrying their voices. Following catastrophic lawsuit after drowning of an heir to a major corporation, club now sits mostly abandoned, real sunlight shining through the cracks in the dome. Somehow, large parts of the nature and the river have survived, even if much more wilder and untamed now. Said to still be haunted by the spirit of the drowned corpo-heir. 
2. Twin Tunnel Falls | Near the old train yard there are two tunnels that lead underground. Left Tunnel takes you to Skunk Town, dont got there. Right Tunnel takes you on a 400 yard journey through moss-cover, cy-spider infested steel tubes. The tunnel leads to the last remnant of the original aqueduct for the city; a 30m tall waterfall flowing into sewer spillway, covered in glowing moss. [FYI; this is based on a real place, outside of Philadelphia, PA, USA]
3. Arc's Blind Spot | Due to unnoticed security flaw, a single service stairwell at the external wall of Arcs megastructure remains unmonitored and unguarded. If you manage to find it, and not draw any attention to yourself, you can make it to a forgotten observation platform high above CY, offering a view over large part of the city if the weather conditions are right. At night, you can even see underwater construction of Undersjön lit by the flame of welders and searchlights. The Blind Spot, though, remains ephemeral, constantly threatened by accidental discovery or carelessness of its guests.
4. Old meadows park | A beautiful park that many of the old meadow community lived around these parts. You have swamp like forest that has a nice and relaxing smell in the forest that looks like a tunnel, but taking the left path is a forest path that  on one  tree has some weird esoteric symbols that is not related to the heirs of Kergoz as if it this is their own  guardians of this park. It has a riverbed and a lake in the forest, a wooden with steel enforcement bridge to go across. (Fun fact :this is inspired by my favorite park down at Union,NJ)
5. ᑕY_ᕼEᑎGE | They say the streets here were specifically constructed so that, just twice per year, the sun's light cuts the sky in twain. On these days days the orb lands perfectly between the buildings of the main east-west corridor in Burnchurch. The orb follows this road precisely, beaming light down the corridor before eventually laying down to rest in one ultimate blast of radiant splendor. This phenomena, colloquially referred to as Cy_henge, only happens on two days per year: Bleak Friday and Remembrance day. The biggest holidays celebrating greed and war.
6. Public Library | One of the city's last safehavens for free knowledge is the Public Library. The wide brutalist structure lays at the bottom of a deep canyon of buildings, low in the heart of the city. Not so much secret as it is forgotten to time and technological advancement, only the oldest generation even remember this place. Everyone else walks past it every day without even noticing. The roundabout doors of the main entrance open up to the 3rd level of a grand 5 story atrium. Artwork from days long past decorate glass elevators and escalators, bringing back memories of a world forgotten. Each level is filled with identical geometric shelves that once contained expertly categorized information, separated by floor. They are practically empty now, but precious scraps of lost texts can still be recovered with enough patience. Librarians here are meek and have become terrified of any and all visitors, regardless of intention. This place is the 3rd QUIETEST place in all of CY.
