d6 Jobs That Require You to Get Locked Up at Borghold 
subtitle: 
category: In This Gig Economy?
1. Assassination | Client doesn't like that someone ended up behind bars rather than in the dirt. Unfortunately, they lack any contacts on the inside, so it is up to you to correct the mistake of the justice system. For a very hefty reward, of course. You get the name of the target, and then you just have to do something to end up in the same cell block. Extraction is, obviously, also on you, unless client feels very generous.
2. Saint Angelo's Feast | A big meeting is set between the heads of 7 major crime families. Only trouble, they are all locked up. You are hired as a mule to smuggle needed culinary ingredients into Borghold to serve the bosses during the meeting. If the bread isnt fresh, bullets will fly and empires will be tested.
3. The Gold Watch | when Johnny Cyclotron got locked up in the Borghold, everything in his pockets was confiscated, including the pockets themselves: one comb; two cuff links, gold; Fleetwood Mac CD; gold wrist watch, engraved "Angie." Well now Angie wants it back. You need to get into Borghold and break into the Property Manager's Lock Up to find Johnny's effects and steal the watch.
4. The Boxed Man | They say the Boxed Man realized the perfect way to avoid getting tossed into Borghold for their racketeering network was to already be there. Guards on the take pass info to the boss, locked in perma-max-sec; an entire empire is run from behind those bars. Sneak in and convince the Boxed Man- by guile or force -to drop the planned supermerger with the Vipers; a criminal kingdom throttling entire districts for protection isn't very high on the list of things CY needs.
5. Block Chain Gang | A new contest has been announced by Conglomo Chem Beverage Company to promote their hit soft drink, Pogo's Go-Go Super Booster. "Record yourself dancing to our jingle & scan our QR code for a chance to win $500k Credits and a photo op with Pogo. Enter as often as you like." Regional Warden Hoosegow Turner is now forcing the thousands of prisoners on his block to repeatedly post entries to the contest to insure his own victory. Conglomo upper-brass has hired you the break into the Borghold and disable their internet connection to stop the scam.
6. Let's make a movie | A popular video creator decided that the prison complex will be a perfect next fit for their long running documentary series (Lillypond in the limelight, What really happens at Quay 47). Just like all the other ones, the video  making is outsourced to mercenaries actually willing to risk their life and limb. You are to enter the prison, document as much as possible on concealed recorders and send back the material. Bonus points for inciting a riot or anything else making the video more marketable.
