d6 Fucked Up Black Sites
subtitle: 
category: 
1. DELTA ECHO ALPHA DELTA. | Cells upon cells full of nano freaks, the digitally undead. Strapped into the net and sicced on [redacted] rivals as disposable mind bending ICE. Firewalls made of living flesh burning to husks as they throw their nano addled minds at any hacker dumb enough to try. | Location: Edge of G0. | Size: Huge and deep. | Type: Gulag maze. | Prize: The name behind it all. Blackmail of the highest order.
2. The Hole | Abandoned arctic missile silo. Cracked and rusted launch hatch leads deep into the frozen tundra. Infested with a sentient swarm of roaches that feed on anything warm. Prototype security robots that kill anything alive. They ran out of bullets long ago shooting the roaches, now just rusty kombat knives. | Location: Just nort of Cy, your friend knows a guy who can drive you out in his Karkovchanka. | Size: Deep and cold | Type: Inverted Tower | Prize: There is a vault at the bottom with a Nuke that they left behind
3. Festung Folgen-Qualen | Ancient, pre-G0 Event complex of blood-red brick buildings, long time ago housing meat processing plant, then insane asylum, now officially abandoned. Behind several inches of scarlet bricks reinforced with rusted metal, the work continues. Captured citizens are brought in via network of tunnels stretching far away into the CY, imprisoned, and subjected to experimental mind control agents and enhanced interrogation techniques. No one really knows who's responsible, with only vague references to a group called Cinnabar Mirror Technologies. | Size: Medium and comparatively low rise | Type: a complex of interconnected buildings, with an extensive tunnel network underneath | Prize: Maybe just a couple fewer people in Barnyard Field will end up missing. And also all the crime-against-humanity class technology you can get your hands on before self destruction gets initiated.
4. Retrotainment North | A shell of hidden automation encompasses this purportedly derelict sports centre in a bombed-out city block, rad-scouring all approaches on a complicated schedule. Detainees are brought in by full-borg crews on zero-recall contracts. Inside, activity focuses on the former bloodsports arena, now an ultra-containment biolab. Retrotainment once staged spectacular fights between nano-infected convicts. This inadvertent cauldron of evolutionary pressures gave rise to a mind-altering contagion with irreversible impact- total pacifism. Those afflicted are unable to countenance violence to any end and relentlessly seek community, empathy and self-expression. As a pathogen that fundamentally threatens Cy society as a whole, its existence is beyond top secret. The controlling corp seeks to weaponise it somehow, and meanwhile uses it to neuter dangerous individuals they still have use for. | Location: No-Go 14 in Lilypond | Size: Former 10K capacity entertainment plex | Type: Multilevel biohazard labs, cell blocks and testing arenas. | Prize: A weapon that actually scares the corps. If you don't feel like being public enemy number one, there's more marketable conventional bioweapons up for grabs in the splicing vats.
5. The Power Plant | 30,000 hypnotized prisoners, all running on treadmills, powering a large electric dynamo. The more people they lock up, the more neighborhoods they can power.  The RCD Headsets of the inmates are broadcasting a program to make them hallucinate their worst fears chasing them. This encourages inmates to keep running 24-7, until they drop dead. If only we could keep the screaming down. | Location: REDACTED | Size: football stadium | Type: 1800s red brick industrial complex, three big smoke stacks | Prize: hacking the RCDs of the inmates and setting them free will blackout 1d100 city blocks.
6. Singsing High | You thought your school was bad, well this one's a literal prison. 200+ years ago the building really was a damn prison before it was converted to a pencil factory, and eventually a high school. Students walk the razor-walled campus in orange white stripe uniforms fashioned from surplus prison garb. The school is known throughout CY for having rules so strict and complex it would take an actual lawyer to decipher and follow them all. For less serious crimes corporal punishment is common, while those guiltiest of students are sentenced to permanent detention in the building's labyrinthine understructure, never to be seen by their loved ones again. Guardians who complain to local authorities just find out they actually donate to the school, saying that the school does wonders to keep those juvenile delinquents off the street. The teachers are all mean as hell, many of them being former police officers, military personnel, or security guards lacking any formal teaching experience or training. | Location: Aquaculture cage maze slums |  Size: Confusing layout makes this place seem much bigger than it really is | Type: Prison/factory/school | Prize: Fully stocked 1st place trophy case
