D6 Cy’s Most Eligible Bachelors/Bachelorettes
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Mud Dog | Mud Dog is a 5' 10" 400 lb teddy bear of a man who's looking to find his other half. He currently works as a Chaplain at the Twisted Legion motorcycle club where spend his days carousing with the locals of the Eternal Moon bar. What he may be lacking in good looks he more makes up for with his winning personality and carotid heart of gold. Hobbies include motorcycle repair, military knife fighting techniques, and the latest rom coms.
2. Booze Hound | 55 devilishly thin unemployed female with 9 loving 'canines' seeks fellow alcohol aficionado to get sloshed and go bulldozing with. Must love monster trucks and be modded the fuck out. Call ext. 6667.
3. Sten | Sten is a 32 yo in-betweener who lives in a lovely cube apartment on a generic street in a generic mega complex. He's soft spoken, sweet and a good consumer. Sten is of average height and unremarkable weight with brown hair and brown eyes. His mom always compliments him on his handsome face. He recently was told he might get a pay bump at work for his after hours dedication. He's a little lost in life and rarely reads the news. He thinks that crazy stuff that's happening in the slums won't effect him. And the corporations have been so reliable in providing the stable, monotone life he currently has. He has a few hobbies, with painting watercolor as his favorite. Only when he can get the time for it between hours at the office. He's looking for someone just as normal and financially responsible as he is. Someone he can talk to about his day. Bonus points if they're pretty but he says he's not too picky about looks. 
4. GOT PLUGS? Seeking literally anyone with type 34-b Shawmoth/Raytheon Erotic Couplers. ABSOLUTELY MUST BE 34-B, OLDER/NEWER ARE INCOMPATIBLE. Aftermarket adapters are bullshit and I'm not getting these pulled after how much they cost to install. Tall, green dreadhawk, nice eyes if you're into that. Must send pic of plugs. NO TIMEWASTERS.
5. Blood Priestess Ryho, from Lilypond. Second in line to leadership of the Blood Sworn citizen's militia-cult. Seeking an appropriately debauched mate to (she claims) fulfill her destiny of siring the chosen bringer of the apocalypse with. Body count must be in the high double digits; anyone with a count of arson or nuclear discharge to their name will definitely be a short-lister. Transformationists not accepted. Educated, good salary (plus occasional spoils) from the militia, enjoys sketching and making custom sushi.
6. Uncanny Valerie, a sophisticated "better than real" dating simulation app who has provided Net-based sexual/romantic/social services to 1 out of every 15 CY residents capable of affording the subscription.