d6 Exotic or Altered beasts kept as pets by the wealthy
subtitle: 
category: 
---
1. R3D IX | A big wolf with red fur, whip like tail,  and nasty sharp teeth in plan 9 that had been captured by the wealthiest member of the hills. More than anything the it wanted to go back to plan 9. | Hp 30 | armor d4 thicker fur and skin | morale 20 | weapons d4 tail whip d10 maw | Special: if the handler is killed or knocked out roll the reaction table for the creatures behavior. | Ed D. Criswell, The handler | hp 10 | armor d4 bulletproof tuxedo | weapon d8 golden assault rifle, d4 grenades
2. GO TOAD | this reptile is only found in the broken sewers underneath GO. A fully adult toad is about 18" long and 10" wide. It appears black in color, but glows purple & gold under blacklight. It secrets a unique chemical that can be refined into a purple dye or a medication for syphilis. Dont touch it with your bare hands, the chemical in its raw form is highly hallucinogenic. There are rumors of lost Toad Hunters, caught in their own Wonderland, wandering the decrepit sewers of GO.
3. Llaiga Shark | A spliced Llama and Tiger shark Hybrid Abomination. They're usually kept in a Mote or Pool but can be equipped with a special collar pushing Oxygenated water through their gills These creatures continuously grow scales Increasing their size until they're so big they can barely move which is usually the time they're replaced by owners looking for their utility. They make for intimidating guard animals as the less scaled ones prove quite fast and they have an ability to machinegun spit teeth at their enemies which they rapidly regrow. | HP: 10/12/14 | Armor D4/D6/D8 | Morale 8 | Weapons Bite: D8 damage  or Machinegun spit: d4 enemies suffer d4 damage.
4. Hipponaut | up in the Hills there is an infamous drug dealer who keeps a hippo as a pet, for disposing bodies. However, this particular hippo had a series of illegal psych enhancing surgeries. When you feed a person to the hippo, he will consume it, bone and all, then begin speaking. The hippo will recite the life story of the deceased, in Bohemian Prose, akin to a Shelly poem.
5. Giant Non-Euclidean Extradimensional Tiger | Also known as G.N.E.T. (Janet), she is the main attraction at Dr. Dumbass's new super duper mega mansion. Being from a higher dimension, her form seems to disappear and reappear is sections, never fully visible at any one time. She doesn't appear to be much bigger than a regular tiger. Unlike a regular tiger however, she is super nice and seems as intelligent as any human, though she still can't speak.
6.  MOOSEQUITO | Giant with large fractal like antlers ending in sharp needle like points. Actually quite chill and peaceful. Used more as a display animal. Those with the most intricate antlers are viewed as the most valuable specimen.  Need to be fed by being showered in blood so they can drink from their antlers.
