d6 Things on the subway that freak you the hell out.
subtitle:
category: 
1. Metro car of gore | As you are arriving to your next destination, in the subway tunnel up ahead the lights went off for odd reasons. When the lights are back on, You see flicker lights on the next metro car that used to have lots of people now into piles of gore all over the inside of the car as if it was a macabre massacre but there’s no killer inside. Is there? Or is it your imagination of things and ideas?
2. Tunnel things | subway cars have windows, why? Tunnels are pitch black, until they aren't. Sometimes people report catching glimpses of tunnels leading off the subways with brief glimpses of lights like city streets or humanoid figures staring back  from the edges of a dim light. There are also stories of strange hooded figures pulling the emergency break and vanishing out a window or door before security can get to them.
3. Four horrificly mutated snapping turtles and a giant rat in one of the tunnels. They're feasting on a fast food delivery worker who took a shortcut through the tunnel system.
4. That man holding flowers is staring at me. Or is he looking at the person next to me? Perhaps... no he is looking at me. Its not a good look. Wait, those arnt flowers . . .
5. Mimics: "No officer I swear it was a bug with a human face!" Blending in with the crowds under the pale flickering light is easy even for a cockroach. It's fine though they only eat kids...... Mimic | Hp: 8 | Morale: 4 (10 near eggs) | Chitinous carapace: -d4 | Scrabbling mouthparts: d6 | Human like: Can't be easily picked out in a crowd, dr14. Hidden wings: Will attempt to fly away if it loses Morale.
6. Organ Grinder | at each subway station, you see the same busker dancing for cash at every stop. A scrappy, yellow toothed man in a small hat does a tap routine while a small monkey plays the MIDI accordion. The monkey is sitting on a burlap sack, with blood leaking out of the bottom. Looks like they dont take credits.
