d6 Space Flight Locations
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Charybdis Station | Mothballed by T.G.LABS prior to the G0 this secret orbital research lab was home to the C.H.I.M.E.R.A project. 100s of labs working on gene spliced monstrosities. Rumours are its now home to a sect of Esoterrorists trying to breed eldritch horrors. Features you might find: (1) Seeming endless, warping corridors of flickering halogen lights. (2) Bubbling tanks of greenish liquid enclosing squid like entities. (3) High tech summoning grids made from reused computing hardware. 
2. New Roman Times | Heavy security, but only the automated security turrets and systems are working, debris is surrounding the rather small station that's orbiting an uninteresting and uninhabitable planet. Very hard to get past the security and through the encrypted gates. Inside are body parts slowly spinning in zero gravity. Blood and gore all around. Something went wrong, nobody seems to have survived. Rooms: Some kind of luxury lounge with poles for pole dancing and stripping, several back-rooms with beds but also some with torture devices (some of them bloodied, one of them with body parts still chained to them).  Also 3 full on luxury apartments. A big kitchen where a whole team would've worked and a storage unit with expensive booze, rotten food, cages with real, dead animals.
3. Spaceshipwreck | Inside a cloud of dust and scrap and junk lies the jagged remains of the Eternal Dawn spaceshuttle. It kinda looks like it was bitten in half by an enormous mouth, but of course that would be impossible. Make a DR 16 Tech roll to navigate through the debris field unscathed. As you enter the shuttle you see the entire place in ruins. Artificial gravity is disabled as supplies float through the air haphazardly, while life support systems are down to just 10%. The last surviving crewmembers hide in the only remaining airlocked chamber: the lavatory. The three of them are jammed into a chamber the size of a telephone booth, covered in the blood and meat and bones of the former crewmates they consumed for survival.
4. ILLYRIA Outpost | UCS orbital training station; the airless hell where troopers are stationed to hammer them into voidside enforcers on the orbital habitats. Gets them accustomed to zero-g, breathing from air tanks, and similar. The station is surrounded by debris rings of airlocked cadets. Going to be really hard to get around without a sham outfit or a good cover story. Also, vetting for contraband is harsh, as cadets are only supposed to be eating approved rations. Why you'd go there: eliminating a UCS bigwig on tour of the facility; spreading agitprop among the cadets (who are, after all, well-armed, underpaid and not usually cybered up enough to make their brains company property); stealing experimental weaponry for pvnk engineers to build countermeasures to; rescue a contact's child who enlisted for tuition; sneak out the tactical manuals to get the edge on UCS' strategies.
5. The Eternal Embassy | A small but exquisitely designed station carrying the cryopreserved brains and personal effects of a dozen brave potential intergalactic explorers; the ultra-wealthy sponsors of the project. As soon as humanity develops suitable FTL technology, the Embassy will be fitted out and boldly launched into the galactic core in search of advanced civilisations, to whom the reanimation of a bunch of dead alien trillionaires will presumably be a top priority. Anyway, the brains all got shoved to the back to make room for the secret AI substrate Royal West actually wanted to isolate up there. Don't plug anything in if you go grave-robbing.
6. AMON Orbital | Maintained by Alliansen. Thousands of years ago, mankind first put plow to field and grain to furrow. AMON is the last place with clean enough air and broad enough space to still do that. The station is more or less mono-functional- it's a grain field -but massive in scale; this is, after all, where enough cereal crops to sate every CY-side bigwig's appetites for opulence come from. Workers toil in broad hats and anti-rad suits to protect them from the sun's unfiltered rays; cancer affects eight out of ten of them anyways. There's certain compounds being tested here that could make a hypercrop able to grow in cracked concrete...if some absolute scoundrel without respect for corporate law tried to break in.
