d8 Drinks from CY Clubs
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Infestation on the Beach | vodka with (frozen in liquid nitrogen) finger of nanophreak. CY version of russian roulette - if you roll TOUGHNESS 18 you gain nano power, if you fail you get INFESTATION
2. Manhattan Project | Whiskey, vermouth, and a bit of gunpowder. A party drink heated up for an explosive finish. People with high AGILITY (14) can guzzle one down before it gets too hot.
3. Piña Colossus | Pineapple. Ice. Coconut. Lime. These four legendary ingredients, in all their divine splendor, combine to create the PINA COLOSUS (dramatic echo)!! PINA COLOSUS is the intoxic arctic inferno that will Get. You. There. And keep you there riding as high as you need to be. So what the hell are you waiting for? Get them sweet buns over to your corner dive and gulp down some of that sweet sweet PINA COLOSUS!! Now served at a bar near you! Test Tuf 10 vs Brainfreeze (+1 Str -2 Prs for d6 mins)
4. Nanoquarium | Layered shot; cream liqueur with vodka on top. Add a small infected nano cloud that swims around the glass in the vodka layer. Create your own tiny aquarium that's just as lively as CY! A cream liqueur sandy bottom with enough vodka water to let your little infested fishy friend feel at home! Add a pill candy to decorate his tiny kingdom before you throw it down your neck! [CHOAKING HAZARD//DRINK IN SINGLE MOTION] Make a dr10 toughness test. On a pass, gain a nano power and infestation for one day. Fail and just live your life infested.
5. The Perfect Fruit Scrambler. | 2 parts grenadine, 1 part chartreuse, a pinch of nano, and a fresh mint (extremely rare). Fruity, sweet, and surprisingly refreshing.  Reroll all of your Apps as you flush your system. 1 in 4 chance you experience a Backlash on reboot.
6. Messy Job | 15ml blood, 1 cup ethanol, 8 tsp. sugar, 1 oz miura (see Drugs) and a sprinkle of dichrome ketacetate. Mix well. The taste depends a lot on the freshness and source of blood. But all around rather sweet, this stuff hits your brain fast and hard. Great before jumping into action, especially if you don't intend to survive. Test Pres DR12 or throw the glass against a random target for d4 damage. Passing the test lets you choose the target. You attack with DR10 and defend with DR14 for the next hour, you'll only drop to the floor when reaching negative HP, but until then FUCK SHIT UP
7. The Ochre Eye | Mixed by various cults and never using anything resembling ingredients, this is rumored to be a one-way ticket to opening all five eyes. Even uniformed onlookers are enticed by the florescent patterns churning within; it contains paint thinner and pond scum, DR 14 Toughness or begin foaming at the mouth, raving about unseeable patterns. (-1 Knowledge) Something in the way its made, though, always imparts (+1 Presence).
8. Old Fashioned | 6 cl Vodka, 1 tsp high fructose corn syrup, 1 dash "bitters", 1mg "whiskey" essence. Nobody knows what whiskey is anymore but using fragments from old web databases a synthetic essence has been constructed from recycled sewage esters and fuel, the recipe can be bought around the web and used with any standard recsembler. Garnish with a Barcorp®️ Holo-Garnish™️ "Real Orange peel" 
