D8 Godawful Beers to Buy in a Shitty Pub
subtitle: 
category; 
1. Zip Smack's Genuine AR Microbrews. | Badly animated AR "beer" served in special glasses that inject you with a roughly appropriate amount of alcohol while you pretend to drink. Available in more than 140 different flavours.Requires RealTaste interface in version 3 or higher.
2. Cy_P_A.! | This brew's IBUs (bitterness units) can be dialed up or down from 2,600 to 2,600,000 at the tap. At higher IBUnits, may cause blindness, liver failure, incontinence, insufferable opinions, compulsive gentrification, and/or unusual facial hair patterns.
3. TenaCyFly Viper. | This brew is banned not because its shitty... its because there's been reports of drinkers have been killed by this brew and they bleed various colors of VERY deadly acid. they either exploded or melted to the point there's barely any bone left. so all brewers destroyed the shipments but only a few of them have survived the purge.
4. Dopplebrau. | Nano-based fluid mimic. Violently toxic in its natural form, it rapidly alters its chemical structure to closely imitate nearby beverages, with an apparent limitation of a low but mandatory alcohol content. In this state it may be safely drunk and typically passes through the body entirely inert, resuming  mimicry upon expulsion.
5. Drøg-Beer. | Freshly "brewed" multiple times per day by Drøg themselves, owner of Drøg's Dive-Bar. "Brewing" means Drøg mixes barely drinkable water, the cheapest ethanol and their own secret "beer flavouring". Later batches become more popular as the alcohol percentage usually rises, although the latest batches are to be avoided as Drøg sometimes runs out of alcohol and substitutes it with whatever is at hand.
6. Zippie’s “Challenge Sludge”. | A concoction made from fermented mushrooms Zippie gets from god knows where, medical rubbing alcohol, a secret mix of various drugs, and rat poison(for taste). Designed to be the most physically taxing and vile brew imaginable, if you are able to down a glass(and survive) you get 3 free beers from Zippies bar. Record is held at 4 liters of the stuff by Chester ‘Steelgut’ Williams (in return gets free beer for life).
7. The Haz-Malt-[Common/Rare/Ultra]. | The recipie is a secret. It's a boring beer that tastes like what they clean the floors in the ER with. Right before serving the bartender will throw in the so called Haz-Vigorator™️, a pill that dissolves and gives more taste and appearance of the brew (d20): 1-13: a bitter and sour taste (common). 14-19: a salty and metallic taste that also makes the brew sparkle silvery (rare). 20: a sweet taste with an aroma of decay, the brew sparkles in turquoise and pink (ultra).
8. BOTTER? BITTER? | Hard to say, logo is old and washed off. It doesn't taste like a beer, too salty. Then you see barman f##ked up with newest cyberdrug, pissing into glass on the back of the bar. Roll for TOUGHNESS, you tough punk.