D8 Prophesied Saviors of New Cults around Cy
subtitle: 
category: 
1. Ol' Jimmy Goat Hooves | A bloated corpse of an amorphous blob created in a lab was dropped off in G0, shortly after it went into labor it birthed the mutant eventually known as Jimmy Goat Hooves. As he grew in G0, he began to help those that wandered this exclusion zone, giving lost punks food and shelter as best he could (hooves make shit hard, yo). Those saved would often follow Jimmy. Now where he roams in G0, it looks like a sea of bodies follows. 
2. Saint Jenn the Light in our Darkest Times and Torch to lead us to a better Fate | She's a mother of four, lost one of her legs due to smoking all her life. A cheap deal for a prosthetic changed her life though. Now she helps all the lost children she can find, and all of them have a certain glow in their eyes. She teaches them to pickpocket, steal and rob the unconscious. Jenn glows in the cark and her eyes are like glowing pearls. She is nano infested and all her kids have minor nano infestation too.
3. The 0rator | Someone found a voice on the net. Its sound is distant and distorted, no traceable source can be determined and it leaves an echo in all who witness it, fading only after days or weeks. The voice lists numbers. 24 hours per day, 7 days a week, one number every 4.63 seconds. Occasionally it pauses (skipping a number) and says a name instead. A growingly fanatic group of people, the "Order of the 0rator" or "The Voicekillers", depending on who you ask, have begone to interpret the numbers as commands, following them to the best of their abilities. Violent disagreements about patterns and codes in the numbers regularly decimate the active member count, and yet the cult grows. Somehow, everyone can agree on how to handle the names. 
4. Black Light Satellite | Prayers and shouts rising upwards upon a smog-bidden sky. Many figures in light-absorbent painted robes surround a sickly-colored and glowing fallen satellite that landed in G0.  The leader of the congregation of the Black Light Satellite, His Name Removed, is supposedly granted visions of a terrible future by being around such a satellite for long periods of time.  Maybe the radiation's reached his brain. Maybe the visions are true. 
5. The Three Horned King. | The Three Horned King, The Dreaded, and The First Heretic of the Heirs of Kergoz; the King is an imposing figure, despite being unable to move. He had supposedly abandoned the prior cult after his own religious beliefs was viewed by his brothers and sisters as "heretical". What exactly he believed in is unknown, but since then, attempts have been made on his life by the Heirs of Kergoz--none have succeeded. Yet. Draped in black and nano-infested beyond the point of human recognition, The Three Horned King now exists as a self-proclaimed undying lord whom grants blessings to his followers upon a throne of wires and cables plugged into the net, 24/7. 
6. Yoguz the Dry One beneath Breaking Clouds | Yoguz is a thin human, long hair, soft voice, they walk slowly and have all kinds of people behind them. They can't be hit by any bullet, they just move around them. (Melee attacks hit as usual and let them go down in a single hit, but their goons don't let anyone get close.) They claim they can show anyone the way to be untouched, to resist all and ascend in the midst of battle and chaos.
7. Q.Q MOAR | Cynergy-funded bitcrusher mega-idol. DJ, fashionista, beauty/lifestyle guru, investment influencer. Their heavily corpo-managed career has spawned an adoring and deeply aggressive fandom of ‘BBs.’ In turn, a whole cottage industry of minor influencers has cropped up, parsing the subliminal subtexts of Q.Q’s latest track, or the references to their upcoming Big Money Moves in the memes shared to their feed. This scene has evolved from adoring idol worship, to real belief in Q.Q’s “philosophy,” “wisdom,” and “love for fans,” to actual ascribing of supernatural power and dedication to divining their wishes and calling upon them for boons. BB-thought has been linked to a variety of activities which may frustrate PC’s: stalking/harassment/assault of nonbelievers, spontaneous rioting at/around Q.Q appearances, fanatical misbehavior carried out “to impress” Q.Q or “heeding instructions coded into KRRZSSHT >:3 6.0**!!”. Businesses, investors, or johnsons may be found staking their hopes for financial future on Q.Q’s [merger with/takeover of/ghosting and shorting of] a troublesome firm involved in [insert random sector], subsidiary of [insert random corp], motivated by [getting back at/patching things up with/taking over] the [snakes/media hacks/formerly mistrusted but now embraced/powers that be] which [undermined/financed/shorted/criticized/boosted] their latest [album/concert/tour/weapons line/corporate merger/look/foray into pornography]. Q.Q is personally terrified of both their handlers and their fans, and knows one or the other will put a bullet in them if they make the wrong move.
8. The Coppersmith | A seemingly completely unaltered human, at all times jacked into a masterfully crafted custom cyberdeck. They are able to access the net as a physical location, stepping into the digital world and back out into the physical one wherever they please, leaving behind fried circuits and molten wires in the nearby systems. Their goals are not publically known, but some young hackers have been taught to build instable short-range passages through the net and are now responsible for a series of previously unimaginable thefts, gathering seemingly unrelated ultra-high-tech equipment at an unknown place to unknown ends. Those who didn't cook their own circuits or rip their personality apart during the transfer, that is.